---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-portal_portal_page Resource - terraform-provider-epilot-portal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PortalPage Resource
---

# epilot-portal_portal_page (Resource)

PortalPage Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "epilot-portal_portal_page" "my_portalpage" {
  additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  blocks = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    id                    = "c495fef9-eeca-4019-a989-8390dcd9825b"
    order                 = 1
    parent_id             = "c495fef9-eeca-4019-a989-8390dcd9825b"
    props = {
      additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
      content = {
        # ...
      }
      design = {
        # ...
      }
      visibility = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    type = "tab"
  }
  content = {
    key = jsonencode("value"),
  }
  design = {
    key = jsonencode("value"),
  }
  domain         = "customer-portal.epilot.io"
  is_deleted     = false
  is_entry_route = false
  is_public      = true
  is_system      = false
  order          = 1
  parent_id      = "c495fef9-eeca-4019-a989-8390dcd9825b"
  path           = "/dashboard"
  schema = [
    "contract"
  ]
  slug = "dashboard"
  visibility = {
    key = jsonencode("value"),
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `order` (Number) The order of the block. Requires replacement if changed.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the page. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `additional_properties` (String) Requires replacement if changed.; Parsed as JSON.
- `blocks` (Attributes Map) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocks))
- `content` (Map of String) The content of the page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `design` (Map of String) The design of the page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `is_deleted` (Boolean) Send the flag as true to delete the page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `is_entry_route` (Boolean) Whether the page is the entry route. Requires replacement if changed.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Whether the page is public. Requires replacement if changed.
- `is_system` (Boolean) Whether the page is a system page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `parent_id` (String) The id of the parent page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `path` (String) The path of the page. Requires replacement if changed.
- `schema` (List of String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `visibility` (Map of String) The conditions that need to be met for the page to be shown. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the page
- `last_modified_at` (String) Last modified timestamp of the Page

<a id="nestedatt--blocks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocks`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Requires replacement if changed.; Parsed as JSON.
- `id` (String) The id of the block. Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.
- `order` (Number) The order of the block. Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.
- `parent_id` (String) The id of the parent block. Requires replacement if changed.
- `props` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocks--props))
- `type` (String) The type of the block. eg; tabs, tab, group, attribute. Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--blocks--props"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocks.props`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Requires replacement if changed.; Parsed as JSON.
- `content` (Attributes) The content of the block. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocks--props--content))
- `design` (Attributes) The design of the block. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocks--props--design))
- `visibility` (Attributes) The conditions that need to be met for the block to be shown. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--blocks--props--visibility))

<a id="nestedatt--blocks--props--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocks.props.content`


<a id="nestedatt--blocks--props--design"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocks.props.design`


<a id="nestedatt--blocks--props--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocks.props.visibility`
